2017成人高考专升本《英语》真题及答案解析
 
词汇和语法结构
1.Jonathan and Joe left the house to go for ______ after supper.
（A）walk
（B）the walk
（C）walks
（D）a walk
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：晚饭后，乔纳森和乔离开了房子去散步。go for a walk是固定用法，意为“出去走走，去散步”，与take a walk同义。
2.He pointed at the new car and asked," ______ is it? Have you ever seen it before?"
（A）Why
（B）Where
（C）Who
（D）Whose
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：他指着那辆新轿车问道：“那辆车是谁的?你以前见过吗?”疑问代词whose用来询问物品的所有者，意为“谁的(东西)”。why为什么；where哪里；who谁。
3.My father asked ______ to help with his work.
（A）I and Tom
（B）Tom and me
（C）me and Tom
（D）Tom and I
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：我的父亲叫我和汤姆帮他干活。单数人称并列时，顺序为“第二人称，第三人称，第一人称”；复数人称并列时，顺序为“第一人称，第二人称，第三人称”。此处为单数人称并列作宾语，故选Tom and me。
4.Nowadays little knowledge ______ to be a dangerous thing.
（A）seem
（B）seemed
（C）does seem
（D）do seem
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：如今，知识匮乏似乎的确是一件危险的事。由句首的nowadays可以判断，该句的时态为一般现在时，故排除B项。little knowledge表示的是否定意义，是不可数名词，故谓语动词要用单数，故排除A项和D项。does在这里是助动词，表示强调。
5.If their marketing team succeeds, they ______ their profits by 20 percent.
（A）will increase
（B）would be increasing
（C）will have increased
（D）would have been increasing
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：如果他们的营销团队取得成功，那么他们的利润将增加20％。if引导的条件状语从句可以分为两类：真实条件句和虚拟条件句。当假设情况发生的可能性很大时，就是真实条件句；当假设不大可能实现时，就是虚拟条件句。根据句意，本句所表述的是客观情况，所以为真实条件句。从句中使用的时态为一般现在时，故主句应使用将来时，故选A。
6.You’d better take these documents with you ______ you need them for the meeting.
（A）unless
（B）in case
（C）until
（D）so that
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：你最好带上这些文件，以防令议中你会用到。in case可引导目的状语从句，意为“以防，以备”，so that也可引导目的状语从句，意为“以便，为了”，所以in case符合题意。unless除非；until直到。
7.I haven't been to a pop festival before and Mike hasn’t ______.
（A）too
（B）as well
（C）neither
（D）either
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：我以前没有去过流行音乐节，迈克也没着去过。too和also表示“也”时用于肯定句和疑问句；neither用作副词时意为“两者都不”，放在句首，表示前面否定的内容也适用于另一个人或物，句子须采用部分倒装；either作副词时也可表示“也”，用于否定句，一般位于句末。
8.______ is known to the world, Mark Twain was a great American writer.
（A）As
（B）Once
（C）That
（D）It
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：众所周知，马克·吐温是一位伟大的美国作家。as在该句中引导非限定性定语从句，在从句中作主语。
9.John complained to the bookseller that there were several pages ______ in the dictionary.
（A）lacking
（B）losing
（C）missing
（D）dropping
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：约翰向书店老板投诉，说字典中缺少了好几页。missing意为“缺失的”，符合题意。1acking缺乏的；losing失败的；dropping掉落的。
10.Not until the game had begun ______ at the sports ground.
（A）should he have arrived
（B）would he have arrived
（C）did he arrive
（D）had he arrived
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：直到比赛开始他才到姿运动场。not until引导时间状语从句时主句要部分倒装。从句中的时态为过去完成时，故主句中的时态应为一般过去时，故选C。
11.Moviegoers know that many special effects are created by computers. ______ they often don’t know is that these scenes still require a lot of work.
（A）That
（B）Whom
（C）What
（D）How
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：常看电影的人知道许多特效都是通过电脑制作出来的。但他们往往不知道的是制作这些场景还需要投入大量的工作。分析句子结构可知，空格所在从句在整个句子中充当主语，从句中缺少宾语，且宾语指的是事而非人，故选C。
12.The president is to give a formal ______ at the opening ceremony.
（A）speech
（B）debate
（C）discussion
（D）argument
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：总统将在开幕式上做正式讲话。give a speech为固定搭配，意为“发表讲话，做演讲”。debate辩论，争论；discussion讨论；argument论点，争论。
13.When I am confronted with such questions, my mind goes ______, and I can hardly remember my own date of birth.
（A）faint
（B）blank
（C）dark
（D）blind
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：当我遇到这些问题时，我头脑一片空白，我甚至记不起自己的生日。one's mind goes blank是固定表达，意为“头脑一片空白”。faint模糊的；dark黑暗的；blind盲目的。
14.If they are willing to lend us the money we need, all our problems will be ______.
（A）solved
（B）caused
（C）covered
（D）met
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：如果他们愿意借给我们那笔我们需要的钱的话，我们的一切问题都将迎刃而解。solve problems为固定表达，意为“解决问题”。caused引起；covered覆盖；met遇到。
15.This article ______ more attention to the problem of cultural conflicts.
（A）cares for
（B）allows for
（C）applies for
（D）calls for
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：这篇文章呼吁人们多关注文化冲突的问题。calls for意为“呼吁，提倡”，符合题意。cares for关心，照顾；allows for考虑到；applies for申请，请求。
阅读理解
Debate is a valuable way to practise communicating. It can also bring long-lasting rewards, especially for people working with Western businesses. The main activity of debate is presenting one's opinion and supporting it with evidence, such as statistics or facts. It is a way of persuasive communication. Charles Lebeau helped create the "Discover Debate" method. He says debate is important to understanding how people communicate in Western business. Successful debaters learn how to give their opinion, reasons and support. "What we are trying to do is to develop a kind of thinking or approach to discussion and how to interact (交流) with someone else's opinion, rather than brush their opinion aside." Debate skills are also important in selling a product, he says. In that situation, the judges are the customers. "So on Monday, for example, one company may come in and present their case to the customer and they'll make as strong a case as they can. On Tuesday, the next day, another company will come in and present their case to the customer. Usually the party that can present the strongest case wins. " Debate also strengthens critical thinking. In other words, it helps students learn to ask questions and try to understand someone's reasons and evidence. Mr. Lebeau points out that successful debaters learn to listen carefully to what other people are saying. Then, they look for the weak points in someone else's opinion or argument. He says debate teaches a systematic way of questioning. Successful debaters also learn to think from someone else's point of view. Mr. Lebeau says debate can help broaden the mind. "There's an expression in English: don't criticize another person before you have walked in their shoes. I think the wonderful thing about debate is, it puts us in another person's shoes."
【正确答案】
16.According to Paragraph 1, what is the purpose of debate?
（A）To bring long-lasting material rewards.
（B）To present evidence such as statistics and facts.
（C）To respond to questions in a systematic way.
（D）To persuade people to accept your opinions.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 由第一段最后一句“It is a way of persuasive communication．”可知，辩论是一种说服性的沟通方式。所以辩论的目的是为了说服别人接受自己的观点，故选D。
17.Why is debate important?
（A）It helps people understand others better.
（B）It allows people to present their opinions.
（C）It develops one’s thinking and communicative competence.
（D）It gives one the opportunity to brush others' opinion aside.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由第二段最后一句可知，Charles Lebeau等人创造“Discover Debate”method的用意是开发一种思维方式或与别人交流的方法，所以，辩论之所以重要是因为它可以提升一个人的思维能力和交流能力，故选C。
18.What does the underlined word "case" in Paragraph 3 refer to
（A）Container.
（B）Evidence.
（C）Problem.
（D）Product.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 第三段第一句指出“辩论对于销售产品来说也十分重要”，所以接下来举的例子应与推销产品相关，由此可推测，case一词指的是某种具体产品，即“箱子”，故选A。
19.What can debaters benefit from "walking in another person’s shoes"?
（A）Becoming more broad-minded.
（B）Developing critical thinking.
（C）Finding others' weak points.
（D）Trying out others’ methods.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 根据文章最后一段的内容可知，“walking in another person's shoes”指站在他人的角度思考问题，而Lebeau认为辩论有利于拓宽人的胸襟，所以站在他人的角度思考问题可以变得心胸开阔，容纳不同的意见，故选A。
We all love a hero, and rescue dogs are some of the biggest heroes of all. You will often find them going above and beyond duty to save someone, risking—and at times losing—their lives in the process. Rescue dogs are generally found in the Sporting and Hunting Groups, or from the traditional Herding Group. These types include the Bloodhound, Labrador Retriever, Newfoundland, German Shepherd, Golden Retriever, and Belgian Malinois—all of which are chosen for search-and-rescue duty because of their amazing physical strength, loyalty, and their tendency for mental stability. These types also have a keen sense of hearing and smell—to better locate lost individuals—and are often able to access hard-to-reach areas. As highly trained animals, they serve in many different fields, including specialist search, snow slide rescue, dead body location, and tracking. To overcome obstacles and succeed when performing the demanding duties of a search-and-rescue worker, a dog must display certain qualities. In addition to intelligence and strength, the dog must be swift, confident, easily trainable, adaptable, and have a high level of stamina (耐力) and endurance. A strong sense of group cooperation and an ability to engage in friendly play during "down" time is also required of search-and-rescue dogs. A rescue dog goes through many, many hours of intensive training to be fit for duty. Training is not for the faint-hearted. Certification training can take from two to three years, working three to four hours a day, three to six days a week, often in group, team-oriented sessions. Each search-and-rescue field requires different types of training. Rescue training, for instance, includes "air scenting"—where dogs are trained to smell the air for the victim's scent (气味) and then follow the scent to the person. This ability is crucial to finding victims trapped under collapsed buildings and snow slide.
【正确答案】
20.Rescue dogs are chosen probably because ______.
（A）they are loyal
（B）they are brave
（C）they have amazing appearances
（D）they have good eyesight
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 由第二段最后一句“all of which are chosen for…loyalty，and their tendency for mental stability”可知，挑选搜救犬的条件是强壮的体格、忠诚、心理稳定程度，故选A。
21.What does "faint-hearted" in Paragraph 5 mean?
（A）Courageous.
（B）Cowardly.
（C）Energetic
（D）Slow.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 第五段主要描述搜救犬需要经过长期的艰苦训练，所以这种训练应该不适合懦弱胆小者，只有顽强的搜救犬才能坚持下来。由此推测，faint-hearted应指“懦弱的”，故选B。
22.Which ability is most important for dogs to rescue people trapped in snow?
（A）Sharp hearing.
（B）Swift movement.
（C）Extraordinary smelling.
（D）A strong memory.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由第六段最后两句可知，搜救训练的一项内容是让搜救犬去嗅空气中受害者的气味，这项能力对发现被困在坍塌建筑物和雪崩中的受害者至关重要。由此可推断，在搜救被困在雪里的受害者时，搜救犬极其敏锐的嗅觉是最重要的，故选C。
23.What is the passage mainly about?
（A）Selection process of rescue dogs.
（B）Qualities and training of rescue dogs.
（C）Risks rescue dogs are faced with.
（D）Types of tasks rescue dogs can perform.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 文章第二、三、四段主要讲搜救犬需要具备的能力和条件，第五、六段讲搜救犬的训练。所以这篇文章的主题是搜救犬的本领和训练，故选B。
Eating an apple a day doesn't keep the doctor away, but it does reduce the amount of trips you make to the drug store per year. That's according to a new study that investigates whether there's any truth in the old saying. A team of researchers led by Dr Matthew Davis, of the University of Michigan School of Nursing, asked 8,399 participants to answer survey questions about diet and health. A total of 753 were apple eaters, consuming at least 149g of raw apple per day. The remaining 7,646 were classed as non-apple eaters. When both groups answered questions on trips to the doctor and trips to the drug store per year, the apple eaters were found to be 27% less likely to visit the druggist for drugs. Trips to the doctor were not significantly affected by apple consumption, though. "Evidence does not support that an apple a day keeps the doctor away. However, the small number of US adults who eat an apple a day does appear to use fewer prescription medications," the study concludes. Apple eaters were also found to be less likely to smoke and be more likely to have a higher educational attainment than non-apple eaters. While apples do not compete with oranges, they do contain some immune (免疫的) system-increasing vitamin C, which may be why apple-eaters visit the druggist less. With over 8mg of vitamin C per medium-sized fruit, an apple can provide roughly 14% your daily recommended intake. Previous studies have also linked apple consumption to a lower risk of Type 2 diabetes (二型糖尿病), improved lung function and a lower risk of colon (结肠) cancer.
【正确答案】
24.How many non-apple eaters answered survey questions in the research?
（A）149.
（B）7,646.
（C）753.
（D）8,399.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由第二段前三句可知，总共有8,399人回答了问卷调查的问题；总共有753名吃苹果的人，他们每天至少消耗149克生苹果；剩下的7,646人被归类为不吃苹果的人，故选B。
25.What is the conclusion of the study?
（A）Apple consumption has greatly reduced US adults’ trips to the doctor.
（B）An apple a day does keep the doctor away.
（C）Apples are far more nutritious than oranges.
（D）A small number of US adult apple eaters tend to take less medicine.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 由第三段最后一句可知，研究结果表明，每天吃一个苹果的少数美国人似乎确实服用较少的处方药。故选D。
26.What can we learn from the passage?
（A）Apples are better than oranges.
（B）Apples do have some vitamin C to increase the immune system.
（C）Apples can help cure certain diseases.
（D）Apples can provide people with sufficient daily intake of energy.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由第四段第二句话中的“they do contain some immune system-increasing vitamin C”可知，苹果中确实含有能增强免疫系统的维生素C，故选B。
27.What can be described as the writing style of this passage?
（A）Objective.
（B）Creative.
（C）Subjective.
（D）Persuasive.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 文章用调查数据和科学观点来展开论述，所以文章的写作风格是客观的，故选A。
Sometimes I scratch my head when I read about the government's efforts to improve schools: new standards and tests to be applied, strict teacher evaluations, and threats of school closures and job losses. They frighten the school employees, not to mention the students. Instead of making people unable to solve problems or try new ideas—which is what fear does to us—research on school reform strongly suggests that policy-makers should encourage school leaders to take a more humane approach. In their study on the reform efforts of twelve Chicago public schools, Bryk and Schneider found that enabling positive social relationships between the adults was the key to successful school improvement and that trust was at the heart of those relationships. Trust in schools comes down to one thing: psychological safety or safety to speak one's mind, to discuss with openness and honesty what is and isn't working, to make collective decisions. Yet this kind of safety doesn't come easily to schools. According to Bryk and Schneider, the adults in school rely on each other to do their jobs correctly and with integrity (正直). The challenge is that our expectations are very diverse based on our unique backgrounds. At one school where I taught, each teacher had different expectations about how much extra effort teachers should put into their work—a big difference between the teachers who left after the last bell and those who worked into the evening. And when expectations are unconscious or unspoken, it becomes impossible for others to live up to them. We also make assumptions about the intentions behind a person's behavior. As we all know, assumptions are often wrong. For example, parents and teachers may think the principal made a particular decision based on his career advancement rather than what's best for the students. If we don't feel psychologically safe to question our assumptions and expectations, trust flies out the window and our relationships suffer.
【正确答案】
28.According to Paragraph 1, why does the author scratch his head?
（A）Because he doesn’t know what to do once schools are closed.
（B）Because he is not sure about the practicability of those new tests.
（C）Because he is concerned that many teachers will lose their jobs.
（D）Because he is not in favor of the government’s reform efforts.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 由第一段第二、三句可知，作者认为政府针对学校的改革措施威胁到了学校的雇员和学生，并且这些改革使人们失去了解决问题或尝试新想法的能力，所以，作者挠头是因为他不赞成政府的改革措施，故选D。
29.According to Bryk and Schneider, what was most important for successful school improvement?
（A）New standards and tests in schools.
（B）Positive social relationships.
（C）Strict teacher and student evaluations.
（D）Assistance of the government.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由第一段最后一句中的“enabling positive social relationships…was the key to successful school improvement”可知，Bryk和Schneider认为积极的社会关系对成功的学校改革来说是最重要的，故选B。
30.What is meant by trust in school?
（A）Freedom to express one's views.
（B）Extra effort teachers put into their work.
（C）Independence of the teachers in schools.
（D）Unconscious and unspoken expectations.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 由第二段可知，学校中的信任其实就是能够说出心中所想，能够公开、诚实地讨论哪些事行得通、哪些事行不通，并且能够做集体决定。所以，学校中的信任就是自由地表达观点，故选A。
31.What does the author say about the assumptions made about the intentions behind a person's behavior?
（A）They should be trusted.
（B）They are often bold.
（C）They are often incorrect.
（D）They should be encouraged.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由第五段前两句可知，我们总是猜测一个人的行为背后的意图，但众所周知，猜测往往是错误的，故选C。
An interesting project called Blue Zones is recording the lifestyle secrets of the communities with the highest concentrations of centenarians in the world. The people in the live regions in Europe, Latin America, Asia and the US that live to be 100 have a lot going for them. Genes probably play a small role, but these folks also have strong social ties, tightly-knit families and lots of opportunities to exercise. As we were examining the dietary secrets of the Blue Zones, as described in author Dan Buettner’s latest book, The Blue Zones Solution, we were struck by how essential tea drinking is in these regions. In fact, Buettner's Blue Zones Beverage Rule—a kind of guideline summarized from his 15 or so years of studying these places—is: "Drink coffee for breakfast, tea in the afternoon, wine at 5 p.m." Science has plenty to say about the healthful virtues of green tea. Researchers are most enthusiastic about the components in green tea, as well as foods like cocoa. Why might they help so many Okinawans in Japan break 100? Some components in green tea can lower the risk of stroke, heart disease and several cancers. One review study also found that drinking green tea can slightly improve metabolism (新陈代谢). If you find yourself on the island of Ikaria, the Greek Blue Zone in the middle of the Aegean, you won't be offered any tea made with tea leaves. Instead, Ikarians typically make their daily cup of tea with just one fresh herb that they have picked themselves that day—either rosemary, wild sage, oregano, marjoram, mint or dandelion, all plants that may have anti-inflammatory (消炎的) properties, which may help lower blood pressure. This could explain Ikaria's very low dementia (痴呆) rate, since high blood pressure is a risk factor for the disease.
【正确答案】
32.What does the underlined word "centenarians" in Paragraph 1 refer to?
（A）People who have secret lifestyles.
（B）People who enjoy physical exercise.
（C）People who are one hundred years old or older.
（D）People who carry the gene for being slim.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由第二段第一句中的“live to be 100 have a lot going for them”可知，centenarians指的是“百岁老人”，故选C。
33.According to Paragraph 3,what is the recommended time for tea drinking?
（A）In the morning.
（B）Any time of a day.
（C）In the early evening.
（D）In the afternoon.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 由第三段最后一句中的“tea in the afternoon”可知，喝茶的建议时间是下午，故选D。
34.What may the tea Ikarians drink daily help?
（A）To improve metabolism.
（B）To lower blood pressure.
（C）To lower life stress.
（D）To improve social relationships.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由第五段第二句中的“Ikarians typically make their daily cup of tea…may help lower blood pressure”可知，伊卡里亚人每天喝的茶有助于降低血压，故选B。
35.What might be the best title of the passage?
（A）Tea-Drinking Tips
（B）Lifestyle Secrets of Ikarians
（C）Tea-Drinking Ceremony in Okinawa
（D）Blue Zones Solutions
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 文章前两段介绍了百岁老人长寿的秘诀。第三段指出了喝茶在长寿老人聚集区的重要地位，第四段介绍了绿茶的功效，第五段介绍了伊卡里亚人每天喝的茶及其功效。所以这篇文章主要介绍喝茶的好处，故选A。
完型填空
What enables some people to get big creative breakthroughs while others only get small and non-creative breakdowns, blaming themselves and society? Are some people "gifted"? Are there other factors 【C1】______ work—factors that we have more control over than we think? While nobody can deny the 【C2】______ that some people seem to be blessed with particular creativity, research shows that anyone can 【C3】______ their chances of coming up with new and original ideas 【C4】______ they would only engage themselves more in the process of 【C5】______. It’s the old Thomas Edison thing about "discovery 【C6】______ 99 percent perspiration (汗水) and I percent inspiration." 【C7】______, the studies prove this: great creative breakthroughs usually happen only 【C8】______ intense periods of struggle. It is sustained effort towards a specific goal 【C9】______ eventually prepares for great creative insights. This kind of sustained effort does not always 【C10】______ immediate results, a fact that not only separates the innovators (革新者) from non-innovators, but 【C11】______ leads some people to conclude that it is just not 【C12】______ for them. "Maybe I should have gone to medical school like my mother wanted," they wonder when the breakthrough is 【C13】______ to be found. Alas, one forgets during their inevitable encounters 【C14】______ self-doubt, that the big surprise is never 【C15】______. Indeed, it can happen at any time and place.
【正确答案】
36.【C1】
（A）to
（B）in
（C）at
（D）by
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 此处表示“是否还有其他因素在起作用”，at work意为“(因素)在起作用”，符合题意。
37.【C2】
（A）issue
（B）problem
（C）reason
（D）fact
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 空格后that引导的同位语从句意为“一些人似乎被赋予了特殊的创造力”，这是一个客观事实，fact意为“事实”，符合题意。issue发行，议题：problem问题；reason原因。
38.【C3】
（A）miss
（B）reduce
（C）increase
（D）lose
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由前一句中的转折连词while可知，该句与上句应是转折关系，上句说“虽然一些人似乎被赋予了特殊的创造力”，所以此处应表示“但是研究表明任何人都能增加他们想出新点子的机会”，increase意为“增加”，符合题意。miss错过；reduce减少；lose失去。
39.【C4】
（A）because
（B）if
（C）while
（D）whether
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 前文说“研究表明任何人都能增加他们想出新点子的机会”，此处应指增加这种机会应具备的条件，故应选if，引导条件状语从句。
40.【C5】
（A）creation
（B）practice
（C）production
（D）achievement
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 此处表示增加想出新点子的机会的条件，所以“如果在创造的过程中全身心投入，不断尝试的话”，就会增加想出新点子的机会。creation意为“创造”，符合题意。practice实践；production生产；achievement成就。
41.【C6】
（A）being
（B）be
（C）was
（D）were
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 此处意为“探索就是99％的汗水加1％的灵感”。引号中的内容位于介词about之后，故本空应填be动词的非谓语形式，故选A。
42.【C7】
（A）Sooner or later
（B）Some day or other
（C）Every now and then
（D）Time and again
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 根据空格后的great creative breakthroughs、intense periods of struggle可知，此处表示的观点与前文一致，即研究一次又一次证明创造力离不开艰苦奋斗。time and again意为“屡次，再三”，符合题意。sooner or later迟早；some day or other总有一天；every now and then不时地，常常。
43.【C8】
（A）beyond
（B）after
（C）above
（D）through
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 此处表示“伟大的创造性突破往往在长期的艰苦奋斗后才会出现”，故选B。
44.【C9】
（A）that
（B）who
（C）what
（D）as
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 本句是一个强调句，意为“正是朝一个特定目标坚持不懈的努力为伟大的创新洞察力奠定了基础”。强调句的常用结构为“It is(was)+被强调部分(主语、宾语或状语)+who／that…”，此处强调的是sustained effort towards a specific goal，故应填that。
45.【C10】
（A）create
（B）produce
（C）inspire
（D）encourage
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 此处意为“这种坚持不懈的努力不一定总是立即有成效”，produce意为“产生”，符合题意。create创造；inspire鼓舞；encourage鼓励。
46.【C11】
（A）too
（B）once
（C）again
（D）also
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 not only…but also…为固定用法，意为“不仅……而且……”。
47.【C12】
（A）good
（B）difficult
（C）possible
（D）stupid
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 前文说“这种坚持不懈的努力不一定总是立即有成效”，所以这一事实会导致有些人认为他们是不可能取得创造性突破的。possible意为“可能的”，符合题意。good好的：difficult困难的；stupid愚蠢的。
48.【C13】
（A）anywhere
（B）everywhere
（C）somewhere
（D）nowhere
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 此处表示“当没有发现任何突破时，他们会感到怀疑”。nowhere意为“任何地方都没有”，符合题意。anywhere任何地方；everywhere到处；somewhere在某处。
49.【C14】
（A）against
（B）across
（C）with
（D）into
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 此处表示“与自我怀疑的不可避免的邂逅”，encounter with表示“遭遇，遇到”，符合题意。
50.【C15】
（A）far away
（B）used up
（C）cleared off
（D）near by
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 此处表示“巨大的惊喜一定在不远处，它可能在任何时候、任何地点发生”。far away意为“遥远的”，符合题意。used up用完，耗尽；cleared off摆脱，清除；near by在……附近。
作文
51.你(Li Yuan)组织同学进行了一次烧烤野餐(barbecue)。请给你的英国朋友Tim写一封电子邮件，内容包括： -野餐前的准备； -野餐过程； -印象最深刻的人或事。
【正确答案】
语音题
52.
（A）penalty
（B）moment
（C）quarrel
（D）absent
【正确答案】A
53.
（A）sympathy
（B）material
（C）courage
（D）analysis
【正确答案】C
54.
（A）starvation
（B）suggestion
（C）satisfaction
（D）situation
【正确答案】B
55.
（A）donkey
（B）turkey
（C）money
（D）obey
【正确答案】D
56.
（A）revise
（B）consist
（C）advertise
（D）visit
【正确答案】B
日常对话题
A. Can I speak to Mr. Johnson, please B I'll tell him you’ve called C I'll give him the message D What can I do for you E. Can you tell him that we can meet tomorrow afternoon in my office F. Can I take a message G. Can you ask him to call me back as soon as possible H. That’s right Woman: Hello, Mr. Johnson's office. Man: Good morning. 【D1】______? Woman: Sorry, he’s in a meeting at the moment. 【D2】______? Man: Yes. This is Steve Lee from Brightlight Systems. 【D3】______? Woman: Tomorrow afternoon in your office. Man: 【D4】______. Woman: Okay. 【D5】______. Man: Thank you.
【正确答案】
57.【D1】
【正确答案】A
58.【D2】
【正确答案】F
59.【D3】
【正确答案】E
60.【D4】
【正确答案】H
61.【D5】
【正确答案】C
