2018成人高考专升本《英语》真题及答案解析
 
词汇和语法结构
1.I asked two passers-by how to get to the new railway station, but______of them knew it.
（A）none
（B）either
（C）neither
（D）both
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：我问了两个路人怎么去新火车站，但是他们都不知道。none表示“三者以上的都不”，either表示“两者之中的任何一个”，neither表示“两者都不”，both表示“两者都”。此处表示两者都不，故选C。
2.—The boss wants to talk to you. He seems unhappy with your performance. —Oh, I______be in trouble. I hope he won't fire me.
（A）must
（B）can
（C）should
（D）would
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：——老板想找你谈话，他看起来对你的表现不满意。——哦，我可能有麻烦了。希望他不要解雇我。句末表达了希望，说明结果是不确定的，所以用can，表示“可能”，故选B。must指的是“一定会发生的，必然”，should意为“竟然”，would表示意愿。
3._____my daughter reaches the age of eighteen, she can apply for a driving license.
（A）Unless
（B）Because
（C）Since
（D）Once
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：我女儿可以申请考驾照了，因为她满18岁了。句中缺少表示原因的连词。because和since都可以引导原因状语从句，但because一般不用于句首，故选C。
4.I'll consider______Ms. Smith tonight, but I am not sure if I have the time.
（A）to see
（B）seeing
（C）to have seen
（D）see
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：我会考虑今晚去看史密斯小姐，但我不确定我有没有时间。consider后面需要接动名词形式，故选B。
5.The train______to arrive at 11:30, but it was an hour late.
（A）was supposed
（B）is supposed
（C）supposes
（D）supposed
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：那趟火车应该十一点半到，但是它晚了一个小时。be supposed to do sth．意为“应该做某事”，又因为本句时态为一般过去时，故选A。
6.Bob doesn' t look his age. I think he' s somewhere______.
（A）in forty
（B）in forties
（C）in his forty
（D）in his forties
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：鲍勃看起来不像他那个年纪的样子。我觉得他已经四十多岁了。in one’s forties意为“四十多岁”，故选D。
7.I feel very excited______the thought of joining my family in a week.
（A）on
（B）for
（C）at
（D）in
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：一想到一周后就能和家人在一起，我就很激动。be excited at sth．意为“对某事感到兴奋”，故选C。
8.______a hotel, we looked for somewhere to have dinner.
（A）Finding
（B）Having found
（C）We finding
（D）We found
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：找到一家旅馆后，我们找了个地方吃晚饭。现在分词短语可作伴随状语，用完成时强调“已经找到旅馆”这个结果，故选B。
9.Despite the sudden breakdown of the General Manager, ______work is going on in the company.
（A）usual
（B）routine
（C）normal
（D）regular
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：尽管总经理突然离职了，但公司的日常工作仍在进行。routine意为“常规的，日常的”，routine work意为“日常工作”，故选B。
10.At such a time of crisis, we must try to______all differences and stick together.
（A）set apart
（B）set back
（C）set aside
（D）set down
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 句意：在这么危急的时刻，我们必须抛开所有的差异，团结起来。set apart意为“留出”，set back意为“推迟”，set aside意为“把……放在一边”，set down意为“放下，下车”。结合句意，故选C。
11.Many governments are now taking______ to reduce smoking in public places.
（A）steps
（B）sides
（C）effect
（D）change
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：许多政府正在采取措施，减少公共场所的吸烟行为。take steps意为“采取措施”，故选A。
12.The employees______more enthusiastic about their work since their pay rose.
（A）are
（B）have been
（C）were
（D）will be
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 句意：自从涨了工资，员工们工作起来更有热情了。since表示“自从……”，出现在句中时，主句要用完成时，故选B。
13.Children don't understand initially what they are reciting, but______it will have an impact on their thinking.
（A）casually
（B）especially
（C）regularly
（D）gradually
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：孩子们不知道他们背的是什么，但它会渐渐地影响他们的思维。casually意为“随意地”，especially意为“尤其地”，regularly意为“按时地”，gradually意为“渐渐地”。根据句意，故选D。
14.The university regulations require that the students______at least 90% of the lectures.
（A）attended
（B）to attend
（C）would attend
（D）attend
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 句意：大学的规定要求学生至少要参加90％的课程。require表示“要求”，后面接that从句时谓语动词要用虚拟语气，结构为“should+动词原形”，should可以省略，故选D。
15.In October 2007, the Chang' e-1 satellite was successfully______at Xichang.
（A）launched
（B）presented
（C）regulated
（D）engaged
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 句意：2007年10月，嫦娥一号卫星在西昌成功发射。launched意为“发射”，presented意为“提出，呈现”，regulated意为“规定，管理”，engaged意为“从事，占用”。根据句意。故选A。
阅读理解
Woman nabbed for a DUI at same crash spot Wed May 21, 2:17 AM ET TRUCKEE, Calif. —Call it drunken driving deja vu (记忆幻觉). For the second time in five months, a 23-year-old California woman has been arrested after she crashed her car while driving under the influence (DUI) at the exact same spot north of Lake Tahoe. And to top it off, Truckee Police say that in both cases, her blood alcohol content was more than three times the legal limit. The police say Melissa Dennison of Truckee crashed at about noon on Sunday on Glenshire Drive just south of the Glenshire Bridge. They say she was extremely drunk and had trouble standing or walking. Her blood alcohol level initially was measured at . 346. The legal limit is .08. Sergeant J. Litchie said Dennison also had been charged with a DUI in January when she crashed at the same spot and registered a blood alcohol level of . 380. If found guilty of the second offense, she faces up to 10 years in prison and fines in excess of $2,000. A telephone message the Associated Press left at a listing for Dennison in Truckee on Tuesday was not immediately returned.
【正确答案】
16.Who is the author of the passage?
（A）A passenger.
（B）A policeman.
（C）A judge.
（D）A journalist.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 从文章开头的日期，整个事件的叙述语气及人称的使用可判断出这是一篇记者做的报道，故选D。
17.Why couldn' t the woman stand and walk?
（A）She had lost too much blood.
（B）She was scared.
（C）She drank too much.
（D）She had a sudden stomachache.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 从文章第三段第二句“They say she was extremely drunk and had trouble standing or walking”可知，她站不稳并且不能自己走路是因为醉得太厉害，故选C。
18.Why could the woman be imprisoned for 10 years?
（A）She was caught DUI twice.
（B）She had her car crashed.
（C）She refused to take a blood test.
（D）She drove without a driving license.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 从文章第四段第二句“If found guilty of the second offense，she faces up to 10 years in prison and fines in excess of $2，000”可知，她面临10年监禁是因为她两次被抓到醉驾，故选A。
19.What does the word "nabbed" in the title mean?
（A）Arrested.
（B）Attacked.
（C）Charged.
（D）Punished.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 题目中的nabbed意为“被逮住的”。选项中，arrested与nabbed意思相同，意为“被逮捕的”，故选A。attacked意为“被攻击的”，charged意为“被控告的”，punished意为“被处罚的”。
There were many different cultures in the ancient world, but the two that had the most influence on European and American civilizations were the Greek and the Roman. Often these two cultures are lumped together in our minds, as if they were really exactly alike. But that is not the case. In many ways the Greeks and the Romans could not have been more different. The Greeks were truly democratic, often without a single leader but instead governed by a group of men chosen by the people. The Romans were semi-democratic. They had a governing Senate, but the political power was mostly or completely in the hands of a single emperor. Both cultures were great builders. But the construction interests of the two cultures were also different. The Greeks tended to be more artistic. Their buildings were well constructed and they were especially interested in temples, columns, and decorative forms. The Romans, on the other hand, were more engineers than artists. They concentrated their efforts on urban planning, well-functioning water pipes, and the best roads. Only in cooking and eating habits are the two cultures really similar. Both peoples ate very well indeed: lots of fish, fresh vegetables and fruits, healthy meals, holding at the same time long discussions and tasting excellent wines. In fact, it would probably be fair to say that they both loved life in their warm, sea-oriented climates, and they both lived a full life.
【正确答案】
20.What is the first paragraph about?
（A）The Greek and the Roman were similar.
（B）People misunderstood European civilization.
（C）Greek civilization was quite different from Roman civilization.
（D）European civilization influenced American civilization greatly.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 文章第一段首先说人们将希腊和罗马文化混为一谈是错误的，最后一句又强调了两者是非常不同的。所以本段主要讲的是希腊文化和罗马文化两者有巨大差异，故选C。
21.Which of the following is TRUE?
（A）The Romans had more political awareness.
（B）The Romans had less political freedom and democracy.
（C）The Romans had more freedom to choose their leader.
（D）The Romans had fewer people elected into the government.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 文章第二段将希腊和罗马的政治文化进行对比，由此可知，希腊的政治强调民主，罗马则强调专制。故罗马的政治自由和民主较少，故选B。
22.What were the Greeks famous for?
（A）The overall planning of a city or a town.
（B）The artistic decoration of the buildings.
（C）The practical functions of the buildings.
（D）The system of water supply and transportation.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 根据文章第三段第三、四句“The Greeks tended to be more artistic…and decorative forms”可知，希腊的建筑很有艺术风格，有很多艺术装饰，故选B。
23.How are the two cultures alike?
（A）Both loved the sea.
（B）Both lived long lives.
（C）Both loved cooking.
（D）Both enjoyed talking over meals.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 文章最后两段讲了希腊人和罗马人的相似之处，根据“Both peoples ate very well indeed…excellent wines”可知，他们喜欢边吃边聊，故选D。
As recently as three decades ago, many Americans believed that using credit was an unwise and dangerous way to pay for what they bought. Some even thought that owing money to a store or a credit company was something to be ashamed of. Good citizens, they believed, always bought what they wanted with real money and they paid the full price immediately. Today, however, all that has changed. Credit, as some observers have noted, has become a way of life in the United States. More and more Americans now are depending on those small pieces of plastic, credit cards, to pay for large purchases such as televisions, record players or furniture. Many people today would consider it unusual not to use a credit card to pay for a costly restaurant dinner, a hotel room or an airline trip. And there are some situations in which Americans must have credit cards. If they want the temporary use of a car, for example, they first must give the car rental company the number of their credit card. That number is considered a guarantee that they will return the car and pay for using it. Credit cards offer two major services to Americans. First of all, they are easier and safer to carry than large amounts of money. Second, they permit people to borrow, to have the immediate pleasure of owning something, even if they do not have enough money to pay for it at the time. With credit cards people pay for goods or services at the end of each month instead of when they buy them. And when the time does come to pay, most credit cards offer people a choice. They can pay all of what they owe for the month or they can just pay usually between 5 and 10 percent of what they owe.
【正确答案】
24.What do Americans feel about using credit cards nowadays according to the passage?
（A）They consider it valuable.
（B）They regard it as a shame.
（C）They think it dangerous.
（D）They find it quite convenient.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 文章第一段写以前美国人对信用卡的看法很不好，第二段写如今人们的态度发生了改变，越来越多的人使用信用卡，有了信用卡生活更方便，故选D。
25.Why does the car rental company ask for the credit card number?
（A）To prevent the overuse of the car.
（B）To make sure that the car won't be damaged.
（C）To make sure the user return the car and pay for using it.
（D）To ensure that the car is safely and timely returned.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 根据文章第二段最后两句可知，汽车出租商要信用卡卡号是为了确保租车人会归还汽车并付费，故选C。
26.What advantage can credit card holders have?
（A）They can choose not to pay for their purchases.
（B）They can easily borrow money at a lower interest.
（C）They can own something before they actually pay for it.
（D）They can pay only a small amount of what they owe.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由文章第三段第三句“they permit people to borrow…for it at the time”可知，即使目前不能支付得起，人们仍然可以提前拥有某样东西，故选C。
27.What is the best title for the passage?
（A）Credit—a Way of Life in America
（B）Credit Services in America
（C）Convenience of Living in America
（D）History of Credit Cards in America
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 整篇文章讲的是美国人对使用信用卡的态度和信用卡的使用对美国人生活的影响，所以“信用消费——美国的一种生活方式”最能概括全文，故选A。
At the 1893 Columbian Exposition, a World Fair held in Chicago, chocolate-making machinery made in Germany was displayed. It caught the eye of M. S. Hershey, who saw the potential for chocolate. He installed chocolate machinery in his factory in Lancaster, and produced his first chocolate bars in 1894. Other Americans began mixing in other materials to make up new candy bars throughout the end of the 1890' s and the early 1900' s. But it was World War I that really brought attention to the candy bar. The U. S. Army Quartermaster Corps requested various American chocolate manufacturers to provide 20 to 40 pound blocks of chocolate to be shipped to quartermaster bases. The blocks were cut into smaller pieces and distributed to American soldiers in Europe. Eventually the task of making smaller pieces was turned back to the manufacturers. By the end of the war when the soldiers arrived home, the American candy bar business was assured. Why? Because the returning soldiers had grown fond of chocolate candy and wanted more of the same. As a result, from that time on and through the 1920' s, candy bar manufacturers became established throughout the United States, and as many as 40,000 different candy bars appeared on the scene. The original candy bar industry had its start on the eastern coast in such cities as Philadelphia, Boston, and New York. The industry soon spread to the Midwest because shipping and raw materials such as sugar, corn syrup, and milk were easily available. Chicago became the seat of the candy bar industry and is even today an important base.
【正确答案】
28.Why did M. S. Hershey start the production of chocolate bars?
（A）He was deeply impressed by the Columbian Exposition.
（B）He realized that it was possible for chocolate to become popular.
（C）There was nothing to produce in his factory in Lancaster.
（D）He was interested in the chocolate machinery displayed at the fair.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由文章第一段第二句“It caught the eye of M．S．Hershey，who saw the potential for chocolate”可知，M．S．Hershey开始生产巧克力是因为看到了它的潜力，故选B。
29.Which event brought the booming of American candy bar business?
（A）The adding of new materials.
（B）The demand in the army during WWI.
（C）The purchase of new machines.
（D）The appearance of smaller candy bars.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由文章第二段第二句“But it was World War I that really brought attention to the candy bar．”可知，是第一次世界大战让糖块的生产迅速发展，故选B。
30.What does the underlined word "seat" in the last paragraph most probably mean?
（A）Focus.
（B）Position.
（C）Chair.
（D）Center.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 文章第四段讲的是生产糖块的主要城市，介绍了其优势条件，最后一句强调了芝加哥是糖块生产的重要基地，结合上下文可知，seat意为“中心，基地”。center意为“中心”，符合题意，故选D。
31.What is this passage mainly about?
（A）A World Fair held in Chicago in 1893.
（B）The popularity of the American candy bar industry.
（C）The candy bar industry during World War I .
（D）The spread of the candy bar business to the Midwest.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 本文讲了美国糖块生产的发展，时间跨度从一战前到一战中，再到一战后，空间跨度从美国东部到中西部，整个过程中糖块越来越受欢迎，所以本文主要讲的是美国糖块产业的普及。
Mark Twain is one of America' s much-beloved authors, creating imaginative and humorous classics for children and adults alike, such as The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Prince and The Pauper, and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Twain passed away in 1910, leaving behind a treasure of great literature. But now, 100 years after his death, he'll have a brand-new book on the shelves: a three-volume autobiography. Twain hasn't been keeping busy in his tomb: it was his wish that publishers wait until 100 years after his death to publish his memoirs (自传) , which he spent the last decade of his life working on. The autobiography totals more than 5 ,000 pages, and likely won't be all sunshine and roses. It seems that Twain harbored some bitterness against former girlfriends and ex-friends. He also writes negatively about politicians of his day, such as Teddy Roosevelt. It' s likely that he requested such a long lead time for the memoirs because he didn' t want to hurt the feelings of anyone mentioned in this work. Although small sections of the memoirs have been previously published, the autobiography has never been available in full, and should provide great insights into the man behind the classic books. The first volume of the set will be available in November, and the trilogy is being published by the University of California, Berkeley. "There are so many biographies of Twain, and many of them have used bits and pieces of the autobiography," editor Robert Hirst told The Independent. " But biographers pick and choose what bits to quote. By publishing Twain' s book in full, we hope that people will be able to come to their own complete conclusions about what sort of a man he was. "
【正确答案】
32.According to Paragraph 1, which of the following statements is TRUE of Mark Twain?
（A）He left behind lots of money.
（B）His works were written for children.
（C）His works are full of adventures.
（D）He is famous for his great works.
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 由文章第一段中的“Mark Twain is one of America’s much-beloved authors，creating imaginative and humorous classics for children and adults alike…”可知，马克-吐温是美国著名的作家，其作品广受成人和孩子的喜爱，故选D。
33.What can we learn about Mark Twain' s autobiography from the passage?
（A）It has been published against Twain' s will.
（B）It shows Twain' s respect for politicians.
（C）It will be published in full.
（D）It has been recently finished.
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 由文章第一段的最后一句以及第四段的“The first volume of the set will be available in November，and the trilogy is being published by…”可知，马克-吐温的自传会被完整出版，故选C。
34.What does the underlined word "trilogy" in Paragraph 4 mean?
（A）A work in three volumes.
（B）An imaginative work.
（C）A collection of stories.
（D）Memoirs of famous people.
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 trilogy意为“三部曲”，即a work in three volumes，故选A。
35.What is the purpose of publishing Twain' s autobiography?
（A）To supplement other biographies.
（B）To help readers to understand Mark Twain.
（C）To introduce Mark Twain' s works.
（D）To expose new discoveries about Mark Twain.
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 由文章第四段的“…and should provide great insights into the man behind the classic books”和第五段的“By publishing Twain’s book in full，we hope that people will be able to come to their own complete conclusions about what sort of a man he was”可知，出版自传的目的是让读者理解马克-吐温，故选B。
完型填空
The destruction of habitats (栖息地) all over the world is the primary reason species are becoming extinct (灭绝) or endangered. Houses, highways, dams, industrial buildings, and ever-spreading farms now dominate【C1】______formerly occupied by forests, deserts, and wetlands. 【C2】______the beginning of European settlement in America, 【C3】______, over 65 , 000, 000 acres of wetlands have been drained. One million acres alone vanished【C4】______1985 and 1995. Habitat destruction can be【C5】______or it can be subtle, occurring over a【C6】______period of time without being noticed. 【C7】______such as sewage from cities and chemical runoff fromfarms, can change the【C8】______and quantity of water in streams and rivers. To【C9】______living in a delicately balanced habitat, this disturbance can be as【C10】______as the clear-cutting of a rainforest. 【C11】______remaining habitats are carved into smaller and smaller pockets or islands, remaining species are forced to exist in these【C12】______areas, which causes further habitat【C13】______. These species become less adaptable to environmental【C14】______ : in fact, they become【C15】______endangered. Scientists believe that when a habitat is cut by 90% , one-half of its plants, animals and insects will become extinct.
【正确答案】
36.【C1】
（A）landscapes
（B）cities
（C）maps
（D）pictures
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 空格后所说的森林、沙漠和湿地都是陆地上的风景、风貌，这里是说森林、沙漠和湿地都被房屋、公路、水坝、工业建筑、农场代替了。landscapes有“风景”的意思，符合题意。cities意为“城市”，maps意为“地图”，pictures意为“图画，照片”。
37.【C2】
（A）At
（B）Before
（C）After
（D）Since
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 本句句意为：欧洲人开始在美国定居后，超过6500多万英亩的湿地变干。表示“在之后”用after，故选C。
38.【C3】
（A）for example
（B）in addition
（C）at last
（D）after all
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 前一句讲到湿地被房屋等替代，后一句讲到欧洲殖民对湿地的破坏，这是对前一句的举例说明。for example意为“例如”，符合题意。in addition意为“此外”，at last意为“结果，终于”。after all意为“毕竟”。
39.【C4】
（A）both
（B）in
（C）between
（D）before
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 空格之后的两个年份之间有and，所以前面要用between，between…and表示“在……之间”。
40.【C5】
（A）simple
（B）beneficial
（C）interesting
（D）obvious
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 本句承上启下，or之前的半句指前文所说的短时间内的巨大变化，并且变化是明显的。obvious意为“明显的”，符合题意。simple意为“简单的”，beneficial意为“有益的”，interesting意为“有趣的”。
41.【C6】
（A）long
（B）short
（C）happy
（D）sad
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 前文提到栖息地的破坏是明显的或者是微妙的，即可能很长时间其变化都没有被注意到。a long period表示“很长一段时间”．故选A。
42.【C7】
（A）Construction
（B）Pollution
（C）Farming
（D）Living
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 城市污水和从田地流出来的化学药物都属于污染，pollution意为“污染”，符合题意，故选B。construction意为“建造”，farming意为“耕作”，living意为“生活”。
43.【C8】
（A）amount
（B）purity
（C）nature
（D）quality
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 此处意为：从城市和田地流出的污染物改变了河水的质量和流量。quality and quantity意为“质量和数量”，故选D。
44.【C9】
（A）people
（B）species
（C）plants
（D）insects
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 此处意为：对生存在这样处于微妙平衡的环境中的物种来说，这样的干扰就像砍光雨林一样致命。本句强调的是环境的改变对物种的影响，前后文中也多次出现species，故选B。
45.【C10】
（A）effective
（B）small
（C）fatal
（D）surprising
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 effective意为“有效的”，small意为“小的”，fatal意为“致命的”，surprising意为“令人吃惊的”。根据句意，故选C。
46.【C11】
（A）How
（B）Whether
（C）Before
（D）As
【正确答案】D
【试题解析】 剩余的栖息地被分割成越来越小的区域或岛屿，与后文中物种生存在拥挤的地方是因果关系，所以要用引导原因状语的连词，as有“由于，因为”的意思，故选D。
47.【C12】
（A）crowded
（B）extensive
（C）large
（D）bare
【正确答案】A
【试题解析】 栖息地越来越小，生存的空间也会变得越来越拥挤，crowed意为“拥挤的”，符合题意。extensive意为“广泛的”，large意为“大的”，bare意为“荒芜的”。
48.【C13】
（A）reform
（B）destruction
（C）support
（D）discovery
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 此处意为：物种被迫生活在拥挤的地方，这会进一步导致栖息地的破坏。destruction意为“破坏”，符合句意。reform意为“改革”，support意为“支持”，discovery意为“发现”。
49.【C14】
（A）improvements
（B）changes
（C）protection
（D）development
【正确答案】B
【试题解析】 此处意为：这些物种越来越不适应环境的变化，这里是指栖息地被破坏后的变化。change意为“变化”，符合语境。improvements意为“改善”，protection意为“保护”，development意为“发展”，都是指好的方向，不符合语境。
50.【C15】
（A）even
（B）far
（C）more
（D）less
【正确答案】C
【试题解析】 环境越来越糟，使这些物种的处境更加危险。more放在形容词前表示“更……”，故选C。
语音题
51.
（A）captain
（B）sustain
（C）contain
（D）retain
【正确答案】A
52.
（A）pension
（B）mission
（C）tension
（D）revision
【正确答案】D
53.
（A）actress
（B）business
（C）excess
（D）endless
【正确答案】C
54.
（A）combination
（B）climbing
（C）bamboo
（D）ambition
【正确答案】B
55.
（A）blew
（B）crew
（C）sew
（D）Jew
【正确答案】C
日常对话题
A. When shall we set off B. What is the time C. have a wonderful time D. start packing E. be great fun F. What could I get G. What should I take H. where to Mary: How do you like the idea of having a picnic this Saturday? John: Wonderful. But【R1】______? Mary: What about the Blue Mountain? It' s quite cool there. John: That' s a good idea. Shall we invite Michael and his girlfriend to go with us? Mary: Sure! It would【R2】______to have them with us. John: Good! 【R3】______? Mary: You could buy some drinks and sandwiches. And some fruit, too. John: OK. 【R4】______? Mary: How about 8 o' clock in the morning? It takes about two hours to get there. John: OK. I'll call Michael and tell him about our plan. We sure will【R5】______.
【正确答案】
56.【R1】
【正确答案】H
57.【R2】
【正确答案】E
58.【R3】
【正确答案】G
59.【R4】
【正确答案】A
60.【R5】
【正确答案】C
